debug.md, before:

ERROR  Warning: Error: Element type is invalid: expected a string (for built-in components) or a class/function (for composite components) but got: undefined. You likely forgot to export your component from the file it's defined in, or you might have mixed up default and named imports.

Check the render method of `TrendChart`.

This error is located at:

  89 |
  90 | export const TrendChart: React.FC<TrendChartProps> = ({
> 91 |   chart,
     |        ^
  92 |   chartData,
  93 |   isDarkMode,
  94 |   onUpdateChart,

Call Stack
  TrendChart (src/components/wellness/TrendChart.tsx:91:8)
  Wrapper (<anonymous>)
  RCTSafeAreaView (<anonymous>)
  WellnessScreen (src/WellnessScreen.tsx:77:37)
  MainTabNavigator (App.tsx:731:62)
  ScreenContentWrapper (<anonymous>)
  RNSScreenStack (<anonymous>)
  RNCSafeAreaProvider (<anonymous>)
  WakeWordProvider (src/wakeword/WakeWordContext.tsx:29:85)
  VoiceProvider (src/voice/VoiceContext.tsx:93:71)
  AuthProvider (src/auth/AuthContext.tsx:24:81)
  App (App.tsx:58:41)

Commit message:

local ios build owrking after running fix command and removing worklets

debug.md, after:

⚠️  ld: duplicate symbol 'typeinfo for worklets::WorkletRuntime' in
┌─ libRNWorklets.a[29](WorkletRuntime.o)
└─ libRNReanimated.a[50](WorkletRuntime.o)

⚠️  ld: duplicate symbol 'worklets::WorkletsModuleProxy::~WorkletsModuleProxy()' in
┌─ libRNWorklets.a[35](WorkletsModuleProxy.o)
└─ libRNReanimated.a[55](WorkletsModuleProxy.o)


❌  ld: 23 duplicate symbols



❌  clang: error: linker command failed with exit code 1 (use -v to see invocation)


    Run script build phase '[CP-User] [Hermes] Replace Hermes for the right configuration, if needed' will be run during every build because it does not specify any outputs. To address this issue, either add output dependencies to the script phase, or configure it to run in every build by unchecking "Based on dependency analysis" in the script phase. (in target 'hermes-engine' from project 'Pods')
    Run script build phase '[CP-User] Generate updates resources for expo-updates' will be run during every build because it does not specify any outputs. To address this issue, either add output dependencies to the script phase, or configure it to run in every build by unchecking "Based on dependency analysis" in the script phase. (in target 'EXUpdates' from project 'Pods')

› 11 error(s), and 63 warning(s)

CommandError: Failed to build iOS project. "xcodebuild" exited with error code 65.
